yeah everybody Welcome to the intro of
the PPC Mastery podcast in this short
intro we want to tell you why we're
actually starting a podcast and what to
expect so Bob can you just tell
everybody a little bit about why we're
doing a podcast yeah it's about time
so we spoke about this podcast for maybe
some few months already and now since we
have a beautiful office which is boring
as you can see in the background if
you're watching this we have space to
record some podcast episodes and in this
podcast we want to share everything that
works for us but also the latest Google
ads news updates best practices and we
just want to bring additional value to
you guys apart from the newsletter that
we're already doing the content we're
sharing on LinkedIn so I think this is a
beautiful format that complements all
the other content channels we already
pushing content through yeah so the next
step in the value that we want to
provide to everybody indeed yeah so
that's the why and what are we actually
planning to do so one one episode every
week we'll be talking about or together
about things that are happening inside
of BBC Mastery but also we will be
taking topics like for example coverage
and tracking BMX best practices tips
news updates Etc and that's what we'll
be doing together yeah but bigger topics
that we can pick each other brains yeah
yeah and then once per week we will also
be doing both of us a solo episode about
any topic that comes to mind quick with
quick tips like more like shorter
episodes yeah nuggets golden nuggets
quick tips to help you get better at
Google ads yeah I think that's basically
it for the intro right yeah so what you
can expect as a format one episode every
single week where we where we do a
podcast together yeah and maybe two
additional separate episodes from from
you and one from one from me yep so we
would like to to push at least three
episodes a week but maybe even more in
the next we'll see let's hope it works
out yeah this way yeah let's start off
with the next episode yeah so the first
episode is going to launch this is
actually live now it's gonna be about
how it all started with BBC Mastery how
we met each other and where we're going
and your feedback as a listener is very
much appreciated yeah if you can if you
want to send us a message on Discord
LinkedIn whatever because we would like
to hear from you what you think about
the whole podcast and what we can do to
help you yeah that's it for this intro
and go on to the next one because the
first episode is live now so see you in
the other one peace ciao